# Tute_Dude_Python_Assignments_4
Here I have uploaded two assignment files of python. Which are named as Task1.py and Task2.py respectivelly. Let me describe the functionality of each files separetlly.

#                        **Task1**
Our task is to Open and read file line by line and to give a FileNotFound error, to complite this task we have uploaded a sample.txt file.So to run the file Task1.py we also need the file sample.txt to be present. Therefore i request you to please download the sample.txt file too.
Now lets explain:
We have to use the try: keyword which is a reserved keyword in python for error handling. Then we have created an object My_obj which calls the open function and represent the sample.txt file and gives it read permission. after that we have created a variable My_var which will return the value which is stored in sample.txt file. and prints or displays the content of My_Var.
Now we have to come out of try: and use the except: keyword to use the FileNotFoundError. which dispalys the error as "The file sample.txt was not found". Then move out of except: and use the final: keyword which is used to call the close funtion using the refernce of object My_obj.

#                      **  Task2**
Hear we have to write and append a file named output.txt and to display the content of the file, to complite this task we have uploaded a output.txt file.So to run the file Task2.py we also need the file output.txt to be present. Therefore i request you to please download the output.txt file too.
Now lets Explain:
First we created an objebt as User_Input1 then call the input function which will command the user to "Enter text to write to the file:" and the user inputes the text to be written in the file.Then we created an object file1 which calls the open function to represent output.txt file and gives it write permission using "w"
then we use the file1 object to call the write function and pass the User_Input1 object with a line break as '\n' to break the line. This will write the user input to the file output.txt as we have already assigned the same object to open the file. Then we call the close function using the file1 object.Now we use the print function to display "Data sucessfully added to output.txt file". Then we again call the print function and put it blank so as to make the output exactally same as given in the task.
  Now we have to do the same with append 'a" permission to append data to the same file. we have created a object as User_Input2 to call the function input which is used to display "Enter additional data to append" and to keep the data stored in User_Input2. Then we have created another object as li to call the open and write functions where open function is used to call the output.txt file and give it append permission as'a' and write function is used to pass the data present in User_Input2 and we added a line break as \n to break the line. Then call the close function by li object to close the file. then we call the print function and display"Data sucessfully appended to output.txt file. then again call the print ffunction and keep it blank, Now again call the print function and display "Final content of output.txt" 
  Then we created an object fly to call the open function which calls the output.txt file and gives it read permission, then we created a variable as rea which calls the fly object and give reference to read function so that the data present in the file should be read or display in rea variable.Now call the print function which pass rea variable as its argument and atlast we call the fly object to call the close function which will close the file.
